[dramatic music plays]
[woman 1 panting]
-It's too soon.
-Easy, child.
[groaning]
Breathe.
Wait, wait. Where is she going?
To… raise the king.
No!
He's going to kill my baby!
Please.
Remember what you promised.
[thunder rumbles]
-[groans]
-[midwife] You're starting to crown.
That's it!
[midwife]
That's it, one more, come on. Yes!
[baby cries]
[cries]
[thunder rumbles]
[door bangs open]
[ominous music plays]
Is it a boy?
-Yes, my Lord.
-Give him to me.
Wait, wait.
[cries]
[woman grunting]
He'll be a lion.
[woman screams]
[midwife] Another child.
[gasps]
[midwife] Another boy, my Lord,
even stronger than the first.
[man] Let me see him.
No, please.
[midwife]
There are two placentas, my Lord.
And that means?
[midwife] There are two fathers.
[music box melody plays]
So it's true.
-[baby cries]
-You've made a cuckold of me.
No!
[eagle calls]
[haunting choral music plays]
[grunts]
[gasping]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[sighs deeply]
"Climb to the top of this mountain.
There you'll find a rose bush."
[thunder rumbling]
[Heron grunts]
[breathes deeply]
What am I doing?
[calm music plays]
[acoustic music plays]
[thudding in distance]
[Heron grunts]
[sighs deeply]
This was a waste of time.
[Heron] It's not malleable.
It is.
When you know the secret of steel.
[fire crackling]
Have you ever seen this seal?
Two winged horses rearing up,
meeting in the middle.
It's the Seal of Corinth.
Where did you see it?
In a dream. It didn't make sense.
Dreams can be deceiving.
Here, let me show you.
There are nightmares
brought forth by Phobetor,
born from one's worst fears.
[indistinct clamoring, growling]
There are illusions,
meant to deceive and confuse.
Brought forth by the great trickster,
Phantasos.
And then there are visions of the truth,
brought forth by Morpheus,
the great winged god of dreams.
Meant to remind us
of what we've forgotten.
The Oneiroi are jealous creatures,
always trying to outdo each other.
They sound worse than the gods.
[mysterious choral music playing]
[calm music playing]
[horse neighs]
We'll rest here for a bit.
[Heron grunting]
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[panting]
[groans]
[wind blowing]
-[man 1] Men, to battle.
-[man 2] Grab your things, go!
[man 3] Prepare for battle.
We're insane for staying here.
[woman 1 grunts]
[grunts]
There's something I need to ask you.
I had…
the most peculiar dream.
You were a queen.
But that's impossible, right?
[gentle music creeping in]
I was married. To a king.
But this was long ago.
Then, how did we end up here?
We didn't have a choice.
What king?
King Periander.
The Tyrant of Corinth.
It was all prearranged, I had no say.
Not long after I was married,
I caught a god's eye.
[majestic music playing]
[calls]
[woman 1] I had no idea at first.
All I knew was that one day,
my husband was kind and loving.
The next, he was cold and demeaning.
Take off your clothes.
At first I thought maybe
it was his temperament.
Despising one…
[groans]
…while loving the other.
I love you.
You mean it today.
Of course.
Which makes it that much harder
when you don't.
[sobs]
For me, the sun rises and sets with you.
[delicate, dream-like music plays]
It was maddening,
never knowing what to expect.
[music stops]
[music resumes, turning serious]
Who are you?
-What?
-Who are you?
I know you're not my husband,
I've known for some time.
You deserve the truth.
[electricity crackles]
[mysterious music plays]
[cawing]
[ominous music plays]
[horses neigh]
[man] Father.
She sees you.
Hurry back.
I'll stand in your stead.
[ominous music playing]
[man] Hello, dear.
Where have you been?
I was with Poseidon.
A terrible squall rustled the ocean floor,
casting a dead giant ashore.
What are we to do?
The giants were worse than wild boars
who feed on their every desire.
We should have castrated them all.
He must really love you.
He's never shown his true self
to a mortal before.
Who are you?
Apollo. Zeus's son.
Don't worry. I won't tell Hera.
I was born out of wedlock, too.
Just like your son.
What son?
[melancholic music playing]
[crow caws]
But the eye of a jealous woman
is very sharp.
What have I done?
[choral music playing]
Zeus, I beg you, this child is innocent.
Please.
[dramatic music soaring]
[crows cawing]
[Hera groans]
[woman 1]
Hera enlisted the help of the Oneiroi.
[inaudible]
And had them appear to the king in dreams.
Telling him he would have twins,
one of which was not his.
[gasps]
[pants]
The king swore if I bore a child
not of his line, he would kill it.
[howls]
Your father saved you.
[gasps]
[baby cries]
After him!
-[soldier 1] An intruder.
-[soldier 2] Attack!
[cries]
[grunts]
[dramatic music plays]
[screams]
[panting]
[thunder rumbles]
[soldier 2] Oh, no. He's dead?
-[soldier 3] The king is dead!
-[soldier 4] Who's next to the throne?
Protect the king!
-[electric crackles]
-[Zeus grunts]
No! My son!
-He's better off here.
-No, please--
[zaps]
Zeus hid us here,
enshrouding the village in darkness
so Hera couldn't see us.
That's why the villagers thought
we were omens of misfortune.
The dark clouds your father called forth
that day have never lifted.
But he had no choice.
If Hera were to find us…
she would kill us.
What happened to my brother?
I thought he'd inherit the throne.
But I was wrong.
He was killed by his uncle,
who coveted the crown.
Not being there for him
is my greatest regret.
All these years, I thought
that we were all alone.
But I had a brother.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
What was the name
of the man who killed him?
Don't look back, Heron.
Look forward.
You're the son of Zeus.
The old man has done more
for us than Zeus ever has.
You don't understand.
What's there to understand?
When I broke my arm,
who was there to set it?
When we were starving,
who always brought us a rabbit?
He has nothing, but still helps us.
No.
Is the old man Zeus?
Is he my father?
He's a coward.
Don't say that.
He's a coward for abandoning you,
for letting you live like a dog,
to have stones thrown at you.
[somber music plays]
[gasps]
[Elias] You will find the adamantine ore
we'll need
to make you a sword like no other.
[thunder rumbles]
[grunts]
[whooshes]
[electric crackles]
[thunder rumbling]
[ominous music plays]
-What is it?
-It looks like a map within a map.
-What language is that? Can you read it?
-No. But I know someone who can.
Chiron the Wise.
Your old teacher?
[tree branch snaps]
[ominous music]
Fall in.
[growling]
You…
Give us the map!
[whooshes]
[explosion]
[bird screeches]
[ominous choral music plays]
[whooshes]
If you really love me, do as you promised.
Take us away from here.
I can't.
I'm such a fool.
We're never leaving this place, are we?
[sobs]
You fear Hera more than you love me.
[somber music plays]
[sighs]
[crows cawing]
[ominous music plays]
-[demon] Convert or die.
-[soldier] I'd rather die than be a demon.
[soldier screams, groans]
-Convert or die.
-Hades--
[groans]
[suspenseful music plays]
Find her.
We can't let her escape with the map.
[growling]
I heard you were looking for me.
That you had some questions.
[thunder rumbles]
[zapping]
[thunderous music plays]
Everything your mother told you was true.
How could you do that to us?
All those years.
Every day she suffered.
How could you stand by and do nothing?
I don't have a good answer for you.
I wish I did.
I hope you can forgive me.
Forgive you?
I don't ever want to see you again.
[zaps]
[panting]
[grunts]
Run!
[both groan]
[wolves growl]
[foreboding music]
[both grunt]
[growling]
[closing theme music]